Update supported-data-platforms.md (#5049)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/supported-data-platforms.md

1. Does it work?
2. Does anyone "own" the code, or is anyone liable for ensuring it works?
3. Do bugs get fixed quickly?
4. Does it stay up-to-date with new dbt Core features?
5. Is the usage substantial enough to self-sustain?

> 6. Do you already have a dependency on this library?

Reviewer: I have no memory of what this question might have been, but perhaps this one is helpful @alexanderrw-lib?

```suggestion
6. Do other well-known well-adopted projects already depend on this library?
```

Author: Significantly better - thank you @dataders !

> 6. Do other well-known well-adopted projects already depend on this library?

Reviewer 2: simplifying a bit bc there were a lot of 'well' and i think the intent is just 'popular' or known' projects. pls let me know if this is't the right tweak and happy to follow up @dataders !
```suggestion
6. Do other known projects depend on this library?
```
